Pre release for keeping track of V2 contract changes (#681)
omgnetwork/plasma-contracts: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## Pre-Release V2

Process Exit Bounty - [2020-08-31]

> Incentivize calling process Exits by rewarding the caller with a bounty provided for by the exit owner  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Incentivize calling processExit by rewarding the caller with a bounty provided by the exit owner  
```
